A large part of the discussion centred around ways to get more data.
The main source of this would be to get different groups to have.
meetings in the recording room.
There are groups willing to do this.
and some who arent.
It might be possible to hold discussions so long.
as they were not too artificial.
It may also be possible to get local.
radio shows to provide data.
A number of issues also arose from discussion of one members work on.
identifying overlapping speech events.
These included observing that.
the different mikes produce different signals which is necessary for.
studying different phenomena and a discussion of why he is using hand.
coding rather than automatic methods.
Currently the group has decided not to perform block echo cancellation.
on their data to deal with features and approaches that would be.
robust for a recogniser.
One member of the group believes they really.
should consider this.
They also discussed the idea of a colleague who is studying inference.
structures using their data.
The sidetrack discussion on the legal implications of the use of names.
was delayed until another time.
It was decided that progress on the marking of overlaps would be.
increased if focus was kept on the events of interest rather than all.
possible events as was unecessarily being marked.
The group members will continue discussion with other colleagues.
regarding their holding meetings in the recording room.
One member of the group has previous experience with energy detectors.
using median filters to help with overlap detection and will attempt.
to recall his past work in relation to the groups current needs.
Another member wishes the group to reconsider the party line that they.
wont do any block echo cancellation.
The person responsible for the acoustics on the project will be.
responsible for the digit taks.
One problem some of the group members are having is with mentioning.
peoples names.
They not are not entirely aware of the legal.
ramifications of this.
They are aware that they are being sensitive.
to this and no saying peoples names thus perhaps acting falsely.
Not mentioning names may also be a problem when it comes to any form.
of indexing with too many pronouns to keep track of.
People need to be aware of what they want their data to contain.
because different mikes provide different signals so it can be a.
problem if you are unaware of this.
Getting non group subjects to have meetings is a problem.
Both.
getting them to the site and the infrequency that their meetings.
would be held.
So far the group has accumulated 12 13 hours of data with 45 minutes.
of it having been transcribed.
They are almost ready to send a.
further 10 hours to IBM for transcription.
One member of the group has started work with the first transcribed 45.
minutes to look at overlapping events.
The original transcription.
indicated approximately 300 of these events.
So far in 12 hours of.
work he has more strictly coded 12 minutes.
In that 12 minutes he.
has identified over 1000 non speech events.
The individual interested in using the data for his work is currently.
looking through it to see if he can use it and he will get back to.
the group.
The recording consent form is currently being revised and it will be.
valid for a certain number of meetings.
