The Project Manager went over decisions from the previous meeting.
The Industrial Designer presented the prototype and discussed its look its internal components and its interface.
The Marketing Expert evaluated the product according to the initial product goals.
The group then decided that enough of this criteria had been satisfied for the project to continue.
The Project Manager presented the final cost of the device which exceeded the initial projected price point.
The group decided to remove speech recognition but to propose to the management that it remain in the design.
The group then discussed their effectiveness as a team.
All members felt that they interacted well and that they felt they could be creative.
The Marketing Expert felt that the market research based approach would help the projects success with consumers.
The group did express however that the budget was overly constraining.
The Project Manager instructed the group to fill out a final evaluation questionnaire.
The group will suggest to the management that speech recognition remain in the product design.
All members will fill out a final evaluation questionnaire.
It was decided that the speech recognition component seemed feasible so it was added to the prototype design to provide a device locator function.
It was removed when the project exceeded its initial budget but it will be suggested to the management that the speech recognition should remain in the product design.
The plastic case will be a neutral color and the changeable rubber cases will be available in vibrant fruit colors.
The LCD screen will appear only in black and white.
The company logo will appear on the inside of the device when opened.
The group decided that the device fulfilled enough of the projects initial goals to continue in production.
There was a lack of cost information at the beginning of the project.
The group did not know how much the features made available to them actually cost until the prototype was constructed their prototype design may have been different had this information been available at the beginning.
