The project manager opens the meeting by going over the minutes of the last meeting detailing the main points of each persons presentation.
They do the prototype presentation which includes a model of the remote control.
The group discusses this proposed model approving of the small size and look of it.
They goes over finances and are pleased to find that they are well within budget.
However while the marketing expert is doing the product evaulation the group realizes that they neglected to calculate voice recognition into the financing.
Their cost had been 8 20 Euros and they have 4 30 left to cover it so they decide to settle for whatever quality it will buy.
They rate their product on its shape size color feel and functionality.
They discuss the project process talk briefly about adding more features and one member suggests eliminating a mute buttons and include a diffferent feature.
They are happy with the creativity leadership and teamwork within the group and close the meeting by thanking one another.
NA.
The remote is a snail shape with bright colors blue and yellow with multi colored buttons.
Compact in size.
It includes a remote holder in the shape of a shell.
The case will be made of plastic and the buttons of soft rubber.
Its features will include an on off button two mute buttons nine channel buttons two buttons for increasing decreasing the volume two buttons for scrolling up down channels a menu button in the center which controls the color sharpness brightness of the picture and a swapping button.
Channel buttons numbered rest of the buttons have symbols indicating function.
Light emitting diode is flourescent green.
In their cost evaluation they got 8 20 not factoring in the voice recognition feature.
They decide to settle for the level of quality the remaining 4 30 euros will get them.
The group spent 8 20 euros on their product but they almost forgot to factor in voice recognition which may cost more than the 4 30 euros remaining.
They will have to settle for whatever level of quality that 4 30 euros can buy.
