The project manager opened the meeting and introduced the project , describing what the project would involve , the role of each participant and the agenda for the first meeting. He the demonstrated the equipment the group would be using , and the group practiced using the SMARTboard by drawing their favourite animals. The project manager then went over the project budget. The industrial designer gave a brief presentation about his role and his initial ideas for the project , suggesting that the remote should be used for multiple devices and that the group should consider using bluetooth rather than infrared. The project manager then asked the others about their initial ideas. The user interface designer agreed that the remote should control multiple devices. They also discussed having glow in the dark buttons , using bluetooth instead of infrared and using a display and/or a joystick instead of conventional buttons. However , they were unsure about what the budget would allow. The project manager suggested that the remote should be rechargeable or not use much power , but this might be difficult if using bluetooth. The project manager closed the meeting. Each member of the group will work on their individual tasks. They will receive information from their personal coaches. The group will design a trendy , original and user-friendly remote control. The remote control will be sold for 25 euros with a profit aim of 50 million euros. The remote will be sold internationally. The production costs should be no more than 12.50 euros. The remote will control multiple devices. The remote will be sold directly to individual consumers rather than companies. The group were unsure about whether they would be selling their product directly to consumers or to electronics manufacturers. It was felt that the low production costs would not allow them to create a trendy high-end product. Whether using glow in the dark buttons and bluetooth would mean that the remote consumes too much energy.
