The project manager stated the agenda and the marketing expert discussed what functions are most relevant on a remote what the target demographic is and what his vision for the appearance of the remote is.
The marketing expert also brought up the idea to include a docking station to prevent the remote from getting lost and the idea to include an LCD screen.
The user interface designer pushed for a user friendly interface with large buttons a display function a touchscreen and the capability of controlling different devices.
The industrial designer discussed the interior workings of a remote and the project manager briefed the team on some new requirements they are to abide by.
The team then discussed teletext the target demographic the buttons the remote should have the idea of marketing a remote designed for the elderly an audio signal which can sound if the remote is lost LCD screens and language options.
The industrial designer will work on the components concept.
The user interface designer will work on the user interface concept and trend watching.
The remote will only be used for televisions.
The user target group consists of adults age sixty to eighty.
The corporate image must be visible in the design of the remote.
The team will implement teletext in their design if it does not cost too much.
The remote will only have a few buttons.
The remote will have a docking station.
The remote will have an audio signal to allow users to locate it when misplaced the team will focus on creating a remote for elderly people.
The remote will feature a small LCD screen.
The remote will be fancy.
The remote will be easy to learn.
The remote will be made to accommodate different languages.
Cost of a touchscreen.
Whether to include teletext in the design despite the new requirement which indicates that the team is not to work with teletext.
The user target group of adults age forty and up is quite small.
What buttons and functions to include on the remote.
Whether to include a scroll button.
Whether to focus more on the layout of the buttons or the docking station.
Whether the user target group should be people age 60 to 80.
