The first prototype for the remote control was made of single curved rubber with a total of 16 rubber buttons some of them in a slide out panel with a cherry design on top.
It uses kinetic energy and has a sample sensor for the speech recognition.
The initial cost was calculated at 13 70 Euros.
Although over budget the team decided to evaluate this prototype before making any changes.
On a scale from 1 true to 7 false they rated it on the basis of the following criteria fancy design 2 technological innovation 2 ease of use 1 incorporation of fashion elements 2 and brand recognition 2.
Changing the rubber case to plastic reduced the cost and allowed for an extra button form and colour.
The team were reasonably satisfied with the project in terms of teamwork and creativity although they thought that the flow of information was sometimes disjointed.
However the idea of designing a remote control seemed unexciting especially since the requirements restricted it to TV only and the budget was too small.
Finally some new ideas were also found in the form of kinetic energy source and use of speech recognition.
The team have two questionnaires and a report on the last meeting to complete before they finish.
The remote will be single curved with a cherry design on top.
The case will be made of plastic.
The buttons will be made of rubber mostly in a light blue colour.
However volume and channel buttons will be different from the rest.
Volume buttons will be lemon shaped and coloured.
A slide out panel with extra buttons for less used functions is included.
The buttons in this panel will all be in the standard blue colour.
A simple chip is going to support the electronics of the device.
A sample sensor was included to add speech recognition.
The remote is going to be powered by kinetic energy.
After changing the case material from rubber to plastic it was debated that the loss of sponginess does affect the fancy appeal and trendiness of the remote.
On the other hand it was argued that the special colours and form compensated for that.
The team were not certain to what extent the prototype satisfied recognisability of the corporate identity.
They were not certain what the colour of the company logo should be and how the logo should be displayed.
