In the detailed design meeting the team created a prototype.
Along with buttons for numbers channel selector volume mute on off teletext and subtitles the prototype included an LCD screen and a help button for functional information.
One rechargable battery single curve form and plastic case brought the total cost to 17 Euros.
To reduce this cost it was decided to replace most buttons with a scrollwheel.
The remaining buttons were one for channel selection one for volume both assisted by the scrollwheel teletext on off and the help button.
A suggestion to target the product to a younger or perhaps more general group was met with approval.
All these components were re arranged in a revised prototype.
It was evaluated on a scale from 1 to 7 on the basis of the following criteria fancy design 6 technological innovation 4 functionality 7 consideration of the target group 3.
The remote was also recognisable as a fashionable Real Reaction product.
The project process was deemed well structured although everyone thought it would have been better had they known the component prices at an earlier stage.
Teamword and leadership were good but room for creativity impeded by budget constraints.
The project manager will prepare the final presentation while the rest of the group will fill in a questionnaire.
The prototype will use a rechargable battery.
The case will be plastic and will be made in single curve form.
Five buttons are going to be used one for channel selection one for volume both assisted by the scrollwheel teletext on off and help button.
These would be made of rubber in a colour different from that of the case.
Their functionality will be enriched by the use of a scrollwheel going up or down the channel list changing the volume etc.
Standard buttons like the ones for teletext shortcuts were considered superfluous.
An LCD screen will be providing functional information and context tips when using the scrollwheel.
The revised prototype will probably be targeted to a younger one or even across the population.
The final cost of the prototype was probably slightly over the specified 12 50 Euros.
Raising the budget was not an option although it was promoted as an idea throughout the meeting.
It is not clear whether the budget will allow for a docking station to be produced along with the remote as it isnt included in the costing sheet.
The non standard interface few buttons scrollwheel makes the remote unsuitable for older people the original target group.
It was suspected that many would not know how to use a scrollwheel even though it does resemble a radio tuning button.
