The project manager opened the meeting. The industrial designer reported on working design , explaining how a remote control works and describing its main components. The user interface designer talked about what functions should be included. He suggested they should focus on either expert or novice users. The basic functions should include an on/off switch , buttons for channels one to nine , volume , mute and buttons for next and previous channel. He suggested that a trendy design should not have many buttons. The marketing expert reported on user requirements , including how users rated the importance of different features. He stressed that a trendy design is important , that users zap a lot , and that remotes often get lost. The project manager informed the group of new requirements. The remote is only for TV , should not include a teletext feature , and should feature the company colour and slogan. The group discussed what functions and features the remote should have , and whether to include DVD/VCR controls , a teletext button , stop button , changeable covers , and a base/recharger with locator function. The group also discussed making the remote a rounded , ergonomic shape , and using flashing lights to help locate it when lost. The project manager will write up the minutes , and put the minutes from both this meeting and the previous one in the project folder. The marketing expert , industrial designer and user interface designer will have thirty minutes after lunch to work on their individual presentations. The remote will have a simple , trendy design , with some kind of special feature that makes it stand out. If the budget allows it the remote will include a base unit with a locator function , which will also act as a recharger. Even though the new project requirements stated that teletext was outdated , the group felt they should still include one teletext button. The group were still unsure whether to include some DVD/VCR functions on the remote. The group had difficulty deciding what special feature they should include to make their product stand out. The group were not sure whether to include a base/recharger for the remote. They were not sure how much a recharger would cost to make.
