The Project Manager reviewed the minutes from the previous meeting. The Marketing Expert gave a trendwatching report. He found that a fancy look and feel was most important for users. He also discussed the trend towards spongy materials. The group discussed the cost of adding speech recognition , the LCD screen , and the advanced chip. The User Interface Designer discussed the look of the interface with the group. They discussed the placement and design of the buttons and decided to use scroll wheels for volume. The Industrial Designer advised that flashy colors and rounded shapes be used. The group discussed how to incorporate the logo and including changeable faces. They discussed materials for the buttons and the backlight. The group decided to use rechargeable batteries and a stand , to use plastic for the casing and buttons , and to not include an LCD screen. The User Interface Designer and the Industrial Designer were instructed to draw the prototype at the next meeting , and the User Interface Designer was instructed to finalize the button placement. The group finalized the look of the product , and eventually decided to incorporate speech recognition and an advanced chip. The User Interface Designer and the Industrial Designer will draw the prototype design on the smartboard at the next meeting. The User Interface Designer was instructed to finalize the placement of the buttons. The group decided to use a scroll button for volume control. It will be small and yellow , to use one of the colors of the Real Reaction logo. The remote will include rechargeable batteries and will be used with a recharging stand. The remote will feature plastic buttons and casing , rather than rubber. The remote will not feature an LCD screen. The remote will feature a double-curved , rounded square design. The group decided to design five changeable faces for the device. They eventually decided to incorporate speech recognition and an advanced chip. The group had difficulties deciding on the placement of the buttons , the shape of the device , and whether or not to include speech recognition.
